If you are confused on how to use this application you are in the right place

Here are a few steps for how you can use this. If you have any questions regarding something not present here, hit me up on Discord: hydrough_7165

Step 1: After installation launch Geometry Dash Randomiser.exe
Step 2: Enable the settings you want, and paste the location of your game into "Game Folder" textbox under "Application Settings".
	A restart might be required if the app detects an issue
Step 3: When the randomisation is done, copy the "Resources" folder from the Randomised Files folder and paste to where Geometry Dash is installed.
Step 4: Click accept on overwriting all the files
Step 5: Finally, launch the game and enjoy the chaos!

To revert the files to the original ones you can copy the "Resources" folder from "Unaltered Files", do the same as when you randomised the files


 - What are all these buttons?

Don't worry, there aren't that many things to know. Almost every setting will have a checkbox and a numeric display.
The settings are for categories of textures in the game. For example Menu Textures contain only the textures that would appear in the menu, nothing else.

The checkbox shows if the randomisation is enabled for this category of textures. Checking it will enable the randomisation of that texture group

Groups:
	If you enabled a category you can see the number display. That shows the randomisation group that group of textures it is in.
	Every texture in a group (for example group 1) will be shuffled together.
	For example:
		If you put Menu Textures and Editor Textures into the same group, then some textures that normally appear in the menu will appear in the editor, and vica-versa
	
	The more things you put into the same group, the more chaotic the game will get
	
	If you put a group of textures into group 0 it will behave differently:
		Everything in that texture group will get shuffled, but if you have many texture groups in group 0 they will not be mixed together.
		If you put everything into group 0 the game will remain sortof normal (or well, as normal as it gets with this app)

Sprite Size Multiplier:
	This limuts what size textures can be swapped with each other. If you have the multiplier at 2x, a spite with an area of 100 pixels can only be swapped with ones that are between 50 and 200 pixels in area.
	The smaller the value, the less chaotic the randomisation gets.


If you put everything into group 1 the game will be extremely chaotic, you have been warned :)
Anyway, this is pretty much everything. Again, if you have any questions, reach out to me on Discord!